 Oh
 Was it as good for you as it was for me actually Niles I was faking it
 Oh
 Hi sweetie see some of the kids are going to the Hamptons for the weekend. Oh great. Will there be boys there?
 Maybe a few fun parents. Who cares? They'll just get in the way anyway
 Go have a blast. We don't have enough to tell your father
 Really? Oh sure and when I'm fired and you're in the convent, we'll write each other letters and laugh about this
 But Maxwell, how can you say no to working with Philippe? He's an avant-garde genius
 Guilty as charged and I've put a new twist on the tragedy
 We follow Romeo and Juliet to heaven and have a happy ending
 You're really writing one of the greatest love stories of all time. We're adding a few scenes, but we're taking out others
 Which ones the ones that don't work?
 Well, I'm sorry fully but we British have a thing about mutilating Shakespeare the Queen comes and hits you with her purse
 But I bet you have a big name to star. I'm looking for an unknown a fresh face with a unique voice
 I found my Juliet
 She was working in a bridal shop and flashing Queen's till her boyfriend kicked her out in one of those crushing scenes
 What was she to do? Where was she to go? She was out on her fanny
 So over the bridge and flashing to the Sheffield's door. She was there to sell makeup but the father saw more
 She had style, she had flair, she was there. That's how she became the nanny
 Who would have guessed that the girl we described
 Was just exactly what the doctor prescribed
 Now the father finds her reguiling, watch out Cece
 And the kids are actually smiling, such what a thing
 She's the lady in red when everybody else is wearing tan
 The flashy girl from Flushing, the nanny named Fran
 Can you imagine anything more ridiculous than me doing Shakespeare?
 Well yes, people paying to see it
 I'll have you know that in high school I played the Reverend Mother in the Sound of Music
 I put a low scoop neck into my nun's habit and those hills were alive
 We did the Sound of Music, I played the Baroness
 It was an all-boys school
 Thank God I didn't play the guitar, I would have been Maria
 Fran, you can't be in the play
 Yeah, who would do our laundry, clean our room? We don't have standing foot
 Well, the same person that always does, Niles
 Besides if I do it, it would only be for a couple of weeks
 Actually, I could rehearse while the kids are at school
 I think not
 Why think you not? I could use a life outside of this house
 Me too, which is why you should let me go to the Hamptons
 Nice try, forget it
 Look Miss Fine, taking care of the children is a full-time job
 Oh and I suppose it was my idea to have three?
 What you do in your spare time is entirely your own affair
 I'm simply trying to protect you from having an embarrassing theatrical experience
 We know what that's like, don't we sir?
 You know, if some people aren't a little more supportive
 I might omit them from my Oscar speech
 Tony, Miss Fine, you'd win a Tony, not an Oscar
 Actually, for an off-Broadway performance, Miss Fine would win the OB
 She's not going to win anything
 Well, thank you for that vote of confidence, that's it
 I'm playing Juliet and nothing is going to stop me
 And I'm going to the Hamptons
 Sit down Margaret
 I'm going to the Hamptons
 Sit down Margaret
 Okay
 Okay Niles, will you play Romeo?
 Isn't he too old?
 Well actually, Juliet's supposed to be my age so it's not like Franz
 Not perfect for the role
 I warn you, my acting prowess may blow you off the stage
 They're still talking about my baroness
 I can't stop thinking about it and I didn't even see it
 And I spent my summers in Stratford upon Avon
 I spent my summers selling Avon
 Oh, she doth teach the torches to burn bright
 It seems she hangs upon the cheek of night
 Niles, don't I come in here somewhere?
 Anon, anon, beauty too rich for use for a...
 Alright, back off baroness
 And by the way, you're supposed to dust the scenery, not chew it
 Well, could they show me how it's done, Mistress Fine?
 Well, I will if you'll just shut it up if...
 Oh, for a falconer's voice to lure this tassel gentile back again
 It's gentle, not gentile
 How should I know? Did I look down his tights?
 I still can't understand why Philippe would hire Miss Fine to play Juliet
 Please, only an idiot would hire her to do anything
 In the theater
 Oh, oh, Mr. Sheffield, if you've got a minute I could use your help
 That's the understatement of the century
 Meanwhile, if we put an apple in his mouth we can have a luau
 Let me see
 Oh, I just love this play
 More torches here, ah, sirrah, by my fey it waxes late
 See, that's exactly what I'm talking about
 With Alice Faye and why she waxing during a party
 Good luck
 Shall I play Romeo to your Juliet?
 Four, three, two, what took you so long?
 All right, so now we're star-crossed lovers
 Let's get some physical realism into this, shall we?
 Oh, Mr. Sheffield
 No, I mean I'm going to put you on your balcony
 Oh, okay
 All right, now Juliet is dreaming of her Romeo
 And she says...
 I'm a
 Oh, speak again, bright angel
 Oh, Romeo, Romeo
 Yes, no, maybe we could have a little more lilting
 Just a bit more melodic
 Oh, sure, sure, sure, melodic
 Oh, Romeo, Romeo
 Yeah, just a little too melodic, I think
 Let me show you
 Okay, sure, he's going to show us
 Oh, Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art thou Romeo?
 Deny thy father and refuse thy name
 Wow, you British guys really know how to play women
 We did this play in college
 Oh, you must have been the perfect Romeo
 No, I was Friar Lawrence, actually
 That's the problem going to school with Jeremy Irons
 All right, let's go on
 Okay
 Romeo, def thy name and take all of me
 I take thee at thy word
 Call me but love and I'll be new baptized
 You know, if I were directing this I'd go in a whole different direction
 Good night, good night
 Parting is such sweet sorrow
 Sleep dwell in thine eyes, peace in thy breast
 How would I were sleep and peace so sweet to rest?
 You know, because this Slubby-Dubby stuff has just been done to death
 You know?
 Much better
 Yeah, I think I'm starting to get the hang of it now
 Of course I'm going to need a lot of coaching
 I'm Dracula, I'm going to suck out all your blood and bury you alive
 You don't scare me
 All right, fine, I'm the Cece monster
 And I'm going to marry Dad and send you away to boarding school
 I'm going to kill you
 I'm going to kill you
 I'm going to kill you
 I'm going to kill you
 I'm going to kill you
 I'm going to kill you
 I'm going to kill you
 I'm going to kill you
 I'm going to kill you
 I'm going to kill you
 The child's gone
 The child's gone
 And now I've got to go to boarding school
 Come to school, come to school
 Children, children, be quiet
 Jeez, dad, you don't have to scream about it
 Well, he took me in wrong.
 Obviously. You got out.
 Now, come on. Off the bed, both of you.
 Just give me one good reason why I can't go to the Hamptons.
 I won't let you.
 Look, Margaret, you're much too young to go away for the weekend.
 By the time Juliet was my age,
 she had already gotten married, had sex and died.
 Well, now you see what happens when you don't listen to your father.
 Niles, I'm thinking of changing the children's bedtime.
 Oh, to when, sir? Right after school.
 I can't believe Miss Fine isn't back yet.
 I can't believe what's happened to my roast.
 It's starting to bear a strange resemblance to Hume Cronin.
 I mean, how much rehearsal can one person need?
 Oh, right.
 But still...
 Oh, hi, Mr. Finan.
 Oh, hello, Mr. Finan.
 Still...
 Oh, hi, guys. For sooth, am I. Poop.
 Dinner is coming right up.
 Oh, Niles, I already ate.
 You couldn't have called?
 Never mind. Ruined, anyway.
 Boy, is he moody.
 Well, you are rather late.
 What are you two on, the same cycle?
 What's the problem?
 Oh, you couldn't handle the kids?
 Don't make me laugh.
 What, do you think the minute you leave, the entire house falls apart?
 Oh, well...
 No, don't go in there. Why not?
 We can use the back stairs. They're closer.
 No, they're not. Yes, they are.
 Oh, not? Oh, so I measured.
 OK.
 Too slow.
 Oh, my God!
 Oh, this place looks worse than when my mother ransacked my bedroom
 and I'm looking for my diary.
 Well, I was looking for my glasses.
 What do you have, a reading emergency?
 So, what were you doing all evening?
 I was at rehearsal.
 Well, I called. Rehearsal was over at eight.
 Well, we went out after.
 Who's we?
 Oh, you know, Romeo, Mercutio, Tybalt, the gang.
 Oh, I'm sorry. It was an accident.
 So was that.
 Boy, you leave the house for a couple of hours,
 you come back and it's a pigsty.
 Yeah, well, maybe if you'd been here,
 your children wouldn't have been running amuck.
 Oh, so when they're sweet, adorable angels,
 they're your children and when they're amuck, they're mine.
 Well, you are the nanny.
 And that's all you want me to be.
 Now I'm getting one of my headaches.
 You know what I think?
 You are jealous because Philippe discovered something
 that was right under your nose.
 And what would that be exactly?
 My star quality.
 That's rather like discovering the atomic bomb.
 Sounds good in theory, but millions will suffer.
 Well, that's it. I'm going home to my mother.
 No, don't bother. I'm sleeping on the couch.
 If we're splitting up, I get Niles.
 You couldn't afford him.
 Not on what you pay me.
 It's always the butler who suffers.
 Oh.
 I'm working.
 Pretend I'm not here.
 Pretend I'm not here. That's how I get through the day.
 Oh, hello, Niles.
 Would you mind telling Mr Sheffield
 that I'm going to rehearsal?
 Unless, of course, he'd like me to sit by his feet
 and peel him a grape.
 Well, that's my job, but you can wave the fan.
 Well, you can tell the nanny
 that I wouldn't dream of standing in the way of her aspirations.
 I wonder how ludicrous they might be.
 Well, tell Mr Sheffield that I am a grown woman
 and can find fulfilment any way I choose
 and that he is a duty head.
 To synopsize her, you are a duty head.
 So that's the one you choose to repeat.
 Translate as prerogative.
 I don't think I've ever met a more infuriating, irritating woman.
 Hello, hello.
 Think hard, sir.
 I just heard the most delicious news.
 Well, why don't you run, make a friend and tell them all about it?
 Philippe needs a tax write-off, so he wants the show to flop.
 That's why he cast Nanny Fine, to guarantee a total disaster.
 I knew it!
 I knew she had no talent.
 The people will be walking out in the middle of her performance.
 Just like one of your dates.
 Well, we can't tell her. She'll be crushed.
 I know.
 On the other hand, if I don't tell her,
 then she'll be publicly humiliated opening night.
 I know. It's a win-win situation.
 Maggie, if you want to go to the Hamptons,
 you're going to have to ask your father
 when he's watching Masterpiece Theatre.
 Yes, just when his chin drops down to his chest,
 but before he starts snoring.
 Well, sure, that's how I got my raise.
 We're doing the death scene. Places, everybody.
 Oh, Maggie, I got to go. I got to go.
 I'm going to go.
 I'm going to go.
 I'm going to go.
 Oh, Maggie, I got to go.
 I got to go plunge a knife into my heart.
 Boy, I'm sounding more like my mother every day.
 Oh, uh, Philippe, I got to ask you a question.
 I don't know what my motivation is here.
 Why does Julia kill herself?
 Because without her Romeo, she has no reason to live.
 Oh, you could tell this play was written by a man.
 I don't know how she got this part.
 Well, she must be sleeping with him.
 I slept with him. I got two lines.
 I got Romeo.
 Okay.
 Romeo, drink your poison.
 Here's to my love.
 Thy drugs act quick,
 thus with a kiss.
 I die.
 Now, Juliet awakens.
 Aye, what a night!
 Oh, Romeo, I see poison.
 I see poison hath been your timeless end.
 Au-choo.
 Oh, happy dagger, this is thy sheath.
 There rust and let me die.
 Ah!
 Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!
 Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!
 Oh! Oh! Oh!
 Hey! Hey!
 Ah! Ah! Ah!
 Ah! Ah! Ah!
 Ah!
 Ah! Ah!
 Ah!
 She's perfect.
 This play will die faster than she does.
 Ah!
 And now, Romeo and Juliet ascend to heaven.
 My Lord Romeo, I follow thee to heaven.
 Whoa!
 Whoa!
 Hi! Hey!
 You guys! Heaven on God away!
 Whoa!
 Whoa!
 Wow!
 Wow!
 Hey!
 Whoa!
 Hey! Oh!
 Wow!
 Oh, boy!
 Don't worry, I'm okay!
 Oh, but it looks like Romeo's got quite a wedgie going on.
 Oh, boy!
 Hi.
 Hi.
 Hi.
 Gee, you know, that harness really chafes.
 Boy, that Mary Martin must have had to hide like a rhino.
 Sadie, I know you.
 Well, I have done six Broadway shows
 and several national tours.
 No, no, it was a commercial.
 You're the less than fresh girl!
 Oh, Mr Sheffield!
 No, please!
 People, people, please!
 Come on, back off!
 Get away! Let the man breathe!
 Give her some air.
 Gee, she's sleeping with everybody!
 Watch, next year she'll have her own sitcom.
 Miss Fine, I can't believe it.
 Miss Fine, I owe you an apology.
 You owe me an apology?
 Oh, yeah, right.
 I was selfish and thoughtless and I'm extremely sorry.
 Oh, thank you, Mr Sheffield.
 I'm sorry I called you a duty head.
 Apology accepted.
 You know, we shouldn't fight anymore.
 It's so hard on Noyles.
 Yeah, I know.
 Listen, I need to talk to you about this.
 I need to talk to you about this play.
 Maybe you'd better sit down.
 Oh, OK. I think I know what you're going to say, though.
 No, I doubt that.
 Yes, I do.
 You're going to say that you and the kids really need me at home
 and the mansion is a mess and I don't belong in this play.
 And, well, you'd be absolutely right.
 I would?
 Yeah, isn't that what you were going to say?
 Oh, yes, yes, that was exactly what...
 You read my mind.
 I'm sure that the only way to live, Hoyance, runs in my family.
 I got an ampola that predicted Hurricane Andrew.
 For the first time in history,
 there wasn't a single Jew on Miami Beach.
 Come on.
 I'm going to take you home.
 I just thought that Philip isn't too disappointed.
 I mean, he really was counting on me.
 Well, Miss Fine, a talent like yours doesn't come along every day.
 True.
 And the thing between you, me and the Pillars,
 that Philip is not the greatest director in the world.
 And if I'm going to make my big Broadway debut,
 I should do it right.
 In one of your plays.
 Oh.
 Now back to Masterpiece Theatre, part 26,
 The Lords of Thysbury.
 Psst, Maggie, make your move.
 Hi, Dad.
 Oh.
 Are you asleep?
 Mmm, no.
 Are you going to let me go to the Hamptons?
 Mmm, sure, honey.
 When Miss Fine gets her next raise.
 Ever since Alastair Cook left, he doesn't sleep as well.
 Mm.
 Lunch!
 Oh, good.
 Hello?
 People!
 Oh, people.
 We're caught on, everyone.
 Hello?
 Hi.
