 Music
 Choo Choo 주세요
 Ah
 Hmm?
 Hmm.
 Heh heh heh heh heh heh.
 6 a.m.
 Still early enough to sneak into bed and pretend I actually got home at 3 a.m.
 Hee hee hee.
 Huh?
 Where's Marge?
 Maggie?
 Has anyone seen anyone?
 Oh, of course.
 They must all be taking a family bath.
 Without me.
 Brrr.
 Fine.
 Google Maps.
 Brrr.
 Ah!
 What's going on?
 Why are you attacking me?
 Oh, my face.
 My dog hates me and I can't remember what happened last night.
 Was I here?
 Was you ever.
 You came in saying you really needed to forget something,
 so I mixed you up the most powerful drink I got.
 The Forget-Me Shot.
 Gunk from a dog's eye, absolute pickle.
 Mmm, pickle.
 The Red Stripe from Aqua Fresh,
 and the funniest ingredient, the venom of the Louisiana Lobotomoth.
 And presto, the Forget-Me Shot.
 Ha, geez, I don't look like Dad.
 Whoa.
 Gimme one.
 One of those forgive me drinks.
 I made a mistake, I gotta wipe out.
 I was trying to do a Don Rickles about Arabs,
 but it turned into a Mel Gibson about Mexicans.
 There he is.
 There he is.
 Oh my God.
 Why would I wanna wipe out my memory?
 What horrible thing did I do?
 You don't remember, huh?
 There was a domestic disturbance
 at your address yesterday.
 What's going on here, Simpson?
 Am I gonna need the zip strips?
 Everything's fine.
 Cupcakes and sprinkles.
 I said.
 And how did you get that? What gives Simpson given your wife an Irish kiss?
 March had a black eye. I could never do something like that
 Could I why don't you ask the person who filed the complaint?
 Not that I am authorized to release that in Flanders fine. It was Flanders. What did I do?
 Yeah, I can't say for sure but as a Christian I assume the worst
 What happened in this room?
 Stop Homer, please!
 My eye!
 No, it can't be! I would never hurt Mark!
 Thank goodness you come to visit me, son.
 I can't take one more minute of this high school glee club pretending they don't hate being here.
 Oh, what a lie!
 You'll eat our cookies, but you won't look at us!
 Dad, I can't remember...
 what I did last night. Do you have any idea? You come to me for help remembering?
 I know someone who can help you. A doctor who helps people dig up old memories.
 Really? That's great, Dad. Mr. Simpson, I have built a device that will enable you to
 explore your memories. These wonderful wrinkle bags are reliving their
 cherished memories of yesteryear. Oh, my first Christmas. Such great
 cher...
 Chinese food.
 This is great.
 Now you feel a slight pinch followed by an extremely painful pinch signaling that the
 spike will begin boring into your skull three seconds later.
 Boring.
 Yes, that's right, boring.
 Oh, I learned it in a pleasant memory.
 Look at happy me and playful them.
 And we're off.
 Now remember, steer into the sculptures.
 I missed those bygone days of earlier this week.
 But I'm needed in a darker place.
 Those squeaks sound like couch springs grooving to the beat of love.
 Homer! I wasn't expecting you!
 I gotta find out who that guy is, but I need to know who he is.
 I need help. Someone like Bart. Only smart.
 Lisa!
 I'm about to probe the most shattering moment of my life. You wanna join me?
 Might as well. You're getting this memory mixed up with a commercial you saw.
 With new Synergy Wireless, nighttime minutes start at 6.30. And you get four free DCast downloads per month.
 Yahomer, can you take me to when you were ten to see if I can kick your butt?
 Bring it on!
 You're superior to me in every way!
 Oh!
 Dad, you just destroyed your first kiss!
 Who was it with?
 Uh... a poo.
 Right.
 Is this really something I should show you kids?
 It's okay, we're not really your kids.
 We're just representations of them that you created in your mind.
 Hey, what's going on here?
 See? That's where my memory stopped.
 Oh!
 How can I get my memory to work?
 We can get your brain to work the same way you always get the TV to work.
 By hitting it!
 Duff Man?
 Duff Man?
 Duff Man!
 No!
 Your stupid invention made me realize my life is worthless!
 Well, if you can't stand the neural activity, stay out of the neural activator.
 My life is ruined.
 Goodbye, cruel world!
 And goodbye, crawler world!
 Bye, Homer.
 Jump and we'll carry you to heaven.
 Hey, aren't trolls supposed to be under the bridge?
 Goodbye.
 Come on, what are you waiting for?
 We want to see if the splash reaches the moon.
 Lights flashing before my eyes.
 A life well lived, until last night.
 I guess I'll have to watch that now. We were planning a surprise party for you
 I'm sorry a surprise party was spoiled. Oh my god. It's like Christmas in December. Let's celebrate now
 Stop Homer please
 My eye
 Don't worry honey I'll get you an ice pack. I never hit a
 And my family is throwing me an awesome party.
 Oh!
 Oh my God, I'm not dead!
 Homer, this is your party!
 This is great!
 Oh yeah, keep it up people!
 The night is young!
 Geez, Homer, I can't believe your plan actually worked.
 What plan?
 You planned to make the surprise party a surprise again, remember?
 If only I could bring...
 Forget what happened today.
 I got just a drink to wipe your mind clean.
 Don't forget me, shot.
 Fellas, if you got anything you want to say to Homer,
 that he'll never remember, say it now.
 Blue pants make you look fat.
 I never learned your kids' names.
 Hmm.
 The only problem is, I'm sure to retain some image
 of coming home and finding Duff Man.
 No doubt I'll misconstrue that
 as him placing a cuckold's horns upon my bro.
 Oh, I'm a genius.
 But there are still a few things I don't understand.
 Like...
 Why did March lie to Chief Wiggum about how she got that black eye?
 Because I didn't want him finding out about the party.
 The only thing that still doesn't make sense is why the dog attacked me.
 Because you never feed him, walk him, or let him out to pee.
 Oh yeah.
 What's an angry dog?
 To a man I'm happy to call my best friend Homer Simpson.
 Aren't you going to drink?
 No.
 This is a moment I want to remember.
 Oh.
 Oh, I love going to aquatic parks.
 Sure, they have worse rides than amusement parks,
 less fish than aquariums, but the parking is ample.
 Oh, there's so many photo ops.
 But I already filled up my camera in the parking lot.
 Parking lot sea sign, the tram, a license plate from Canada,
 a bird eating potato chips, my feet walking.
 Oops. I erased them all.
 I want to do that.
 I'm going to take stuff from the lost and found.
 Attention, Exploronauts.
 That's us.
 In one minute, we'll be starting our rock-quatic roll-tacular.
 Hurry! If we don't get a seat in the splash zone, I've worn my bathing suit under my clothes for nothing.
 You can come with us or sit here on the shark bench.
 You know, I did sit on a shark once.
 Dead bathing suit!
 suit yes oops no bathing suit here's the original octo mom slime
 looks kind of uncomfortable wouldn't you be if you were saltwater fish in a
 freshwater aquarium the country has its first black president maybe it's time
 for the first octopus president
 they'll cheer a dancing octopus but not an
 Old man complaining about everything.
 Excuse me, sir. Is this seat taken? Tell me more.
 More?
 Play it cool, Grandpa. Play it cool.
 It was back in World War II. I was a seaman first class on the USS World War I.
 Hey boys, these sharks can't bite us if we're on their backs.
 Yeah, it's like riding a cyclone back at Coney Island
 Sir my name is Marshall Goldman. I'm a newspaper columnist specializing in human interest stories. You're in the newspaper business
 Oh something that's gonna die before I do well class
 It's Friday afternoon. That means it's time to find out which one of you gets to take Larry the lamb home for the weekend
 Oh, oh, oh!
 And don't forget, the lucky student gets to add his or her page to Larry's personal journal.
 This weekend, Larry will go home with...
 Please God, I need this.
 Bart Simpson!
 You're getting the lamb.
 Not so fast!
 Tell the diary how special he makes you feel.
 More adjectives!
 Top of the morning, Homer. Seen the paper?
 No, I get my news off the internet.
 Well, sir, it looks like your dad is a quotable notable.
 Huh?
 Hey, I never knew you were so full of bemochte, nenne.
 What does that mean?
 It's like gechel, but with a pinch more me nek te gechel.
 Yep, I may just be the best known Abraham in history.
 Every Monday, the Tinseltown Starliner would stop at 1.17 p.m. on its way to Hollywood.
 But none was more memorable than Clark Gable.
 What you're eating there?
 Oh, it's called Gone with the Wind.
 You can have it.
 It's only got one swear word and not a very good one.
 Gone with the Wind, eh?
 See ya.
 Garbage, garbage, garbage.
 Garbage my line, garbage, garbage my line.
 Clark Gable owes me a book, and he never paid me for the shoeshine.
 But his big blue eyes could melt the butter you kept in your pocket for lunch.
 How come Grandpa never shares those stories with us?
 He does all the time. He just never listens.
 Hmm, well, I'm up there.
 That's it, boy. Go to the nards.
 Clark!
 If you're not gonna take care of...
 They give him to me.
 How come I don't get mad when I torment real animals?
 Larry, please don't judge our whole family by Bart.
 Jazz!
 Larry, what subgenre of jazz do you like?
 Fusion? Neobop? Afro-Cuban?
 Larry!
 Gotcha!
 Ah!
 That's how I got my idea for a suitcase with wheels.
 From watching a commercial about a suitcase with wheels.
 Great stories.
 Take a hike!
 I've already got a college boy to turn my every word into syndicated gold
 Hmm Oh dad, I got you some scotch
 One of those fancy ones the checkout lady had to unlock the cabinet to get well
 Well, well, well look who decided to visit me twice in one year
 You only care about me now because I'm famous. That's it. Here's your ring back ring
 What ring? It's a father-son commitment band that I bought and never told you about.
 Okay, I need the stupid lamb back.
 This isn't Larry. It's just cotton balls on toilet paper rolls. Where's the real Larry?
 Well, what do you care? You don't even like him.
 Of course I don't, but other people do.
 Hey Bart, can't wait to see Larry again.
 Little lamb, little lamb, Nelson loved a little lamb. He kept me nice and sane.
 Stupid grandpa! I tried to end the cycle of neglect and he hits me with some super neglect!
 Maybe you're not really mad at grandpa. Maybe you're mad at yourself for taking him for
 granted all these years.
 Come here you.
 Ow! Ow! I'll kill you!
 I'll show grandpa. I'll find my own surrogate father full of heartwarming stories I can
 share with the world.
 You know, Simpson, this has truly been a lovely afternoon. Really.
 a hound isn't that cute he thinks he's a pack
 put the rope in your teeth it'll shut you up Larry my brother fell in the
 storm drain um I'm strictly an above-the-ground policeman what you
 need is the sewer cup
 Fine, what's your number?
 There's no such thing as the sewer cops.
 I have a column I'd like to submit.
 Pay me whenever.
 I'll just take this to our editor.
 Well, it's a prize application form.
 When I rode with Abe Simpson on the Tinseltown Starliner,
 I never dreamed his first voyage would be his last.
 At three o'clock on Monday, Abe passed away peacefully in his sleep.
 Would someone really kill a man just to win a Pulitzer Prize?
 I'm finally riding the Tinseltown Starliner.
 I could die a happy man.
 Drink up Abe.
 Live each moment as if someone's about to kill you.
 I mean as if it's your last. Sorry my hearing aids on the fritz. The only word I heard was kill
 What was that? Um an elephant on a circus train bellowing for his mother
 Hey slime-o
 Yeah
 better run. Larry, you saved my life! You're the most wonderful stuffed lamb in the world!
 I'm sorry about the many things I said. We'll have the rest of the weekend...
 The older I get, the more I like the taste of hot water.
 Here comes the prize.
 Drop that pillow!
 It gets worse.
 No!
 Yeah.
 Pathetic old fool.
 Maybe so, but I know how to play possum.
 Um...
 You did good, kid. This is for the shoeshine.
 It's a ghost quarter, but you'll be able to spend it pretty soon.
 So, Grandpa, you really saved Dad's life?
 I sure did!
 Why do we have to go to the rec center? I want to play with my friends.
 Welcome to Shaolin Kung Fu.
 Ten thousand years of knowledge will be passed along to those whose parents have signed a permission slip.
 The rest of you have just purchased very expensive pajamas.
 If you doubt my skill, please feel free to attack at my signal
 My she
 Stop stop Juliet. This is terrible. Your art is personal and wrong
 I was painting with my heart, but I think her painting is very imaginative
 I suppose you
 You'd like to teach this class.
 Yes, I would.
 Class, everyone please stop and admire Juliet's painting.
 I do not need this.
 See ya!
 What are you staring at?
 Everyone paint me twenty laps.
 Come on, fatty, keep up!
 Are your parents academics?
 Kind of.
 Let's do some grobin'.
 convenient
 So, what do you want to do, my pet?
 My parents bought me a membership card to the Folk Art Museum.
 So Lisa asked if her new friend could stay for dinner.
 She's finally doing something the book said she would.
 Won't last.
 Hey Mom, can Juliet sleep over?
 Now we need a name for our imaginary kingdom.
 I mean, queendom.
 How about Equalia?
 Equalia.
 Where everyone is equal, but we're in charge.
 Good night, Lisa.
 I have a best friend.
 You heard me say that, didn't you?
 I did.
 We're still cool, all right?
 We are.
 My best friend is so cool.
 Friendship is like marriage.
 The key is listening.
 Also, if a dog bites you, don't make a big deal out of it.
 I just said that.
 Okay, honey.
 If it's that important to you, you said it.
 I'm so excited.
 When Queen Valedictoria and Helvetica hid their beloved tuna corn from the hungry ogre Homerone.
 Remember, Juliet's family is very classy.
 So be on your best behavior.
 Use as many big words as possible.
 I call computer. Bart, you can have doorbell.
 Homer, isn't it wonderful that my Juliet and your Lisa have become such fast friends?
 If you say so, my lord.
 Dinner's ready.
 If you'll show me to your bathroom, I'd like to pretend to wash my hands.
 Attention, everyone!
 Lisa and I would like to perform a medley of Josh Groban's 12 most popular downloads.
 Juliet, I'm worried this Josh Groban is becoming a bit of an obsession for you.
 I hate Track 3. I hate it! I hate it!
 I'll go get her.
 Juliet, are you okay?
 I am now. Don't you see them?
 See who?
 Our friends, the lords and ladies of Aqualia.
 Oh, Coqueen Salvetica and Valedictoria.
 We're so glad you're finally here.
 Toss me a treat.
 I didn't know I could do that.
 Please be mini pizzas made from dragon eggs, your majesty's.
 Mom, please don't do that.
 Mr. and Mrs. Simpson, we need to talk about Lisa.
 She's unfocused, scribbling nonsense, living in a world of her own.
 Ha ha ha. That's part for you.
 We're talking about Lisa, your daughter.
 But don't worry, officer. We'll definitely have a talk with the boy.
 I can't see Juliet anymore. I thought you wanted me to have a best friend.
 There are limits to how much two people should be together.
 Oh, Bart Simpson, age three.
 Juliet, what are you doing here?
 I'm running away and you're coming with me, but Equalia needs you.
 I need you.
 Okay, best friend.
 This is where we'll live.
 How did you find this place?
 My family ate here last week.
 It really went downhill fast.
 But if you just believe, any place can be a qualia.
 Oh no, Clamalot's is closed.
 I'm not surprised.
 The clam chowder smelled like soap.
 Yeah.
 Oh, hi, I'm Martin. How's the model you and total chaos?
 We're two minutes away from a roll call vote on a non-binding resolution and no Azerbaijan
 Are you saying Lisa's not there if I know my sister and unfortunately I do she probably ran off to some lame-o
 make-believe castle a castle I
 Know where they are
 You know what I think killed this place? No one wanted to drive to the middle of the forest for clams.
 She's not here?
 Girls in our hideout!
 This place is where we came after my bar mitzvah.
 You said you weren't having one.
 Uh...
 It was just...
 All these pictures of seafood are making me hungry.
 We'll get some cream for the peaches while you guard the prisoners.
 So the armies of the gnomes and the elves faced off on either side of the hollow, broad axis poise.
 What comes next?
 There are dragons everywhere. Green ones, Chinese ones, chubby bald ones.
 I like those ones! Tell me about those!
 What? What's going on here?
 What's this?
 Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
 Put the book down.
 Why should we, Butt Brain?
 Well, it looks like we're safe.
 Looks like. Juliette, I don't want to go to Iqualia anymore.
 What do you mean?
 It's a special place, but I need to live in the real world.
 Goodbye, Juliette.
 We have received your manuscript, the Chronicles of Eternal Life.
 It's a good idea.
 Sounds promising so far.
 Unfortunately, it is not what we're looking for at this time.
