 Don't forget, I went out for dinner. I didn't look at the side of the car.
 What was the street you were going to?
 Food Street.
 Good. Which soup shop did you go to?
 Bolköpçe.
 Good. Bolköpçe.
 You had two plates of soup for the soup shop. It's hot.
 Okay?
 My turn is coming.
 Get up.
 Why did you do it?
 Don't mess with me. One minute.
 Why did you kill my son?
 There is no scandal yet. Please.
 What is it here?
 Why?
 Mr. Suat, please.
 You are a murderer.
 You are a murderer.
 Please don't make trouble.
 Yes, Mr. Sergeant. Please.
 Yes.
 Mr. Sergeant, as you have examined in the file,
 we demand that the person who has the highest suspicion of committing the crime be sentenced to prison.
 Don't do it. Mr. Sergeant, what does it mean to be sentenced to prison?
 We are talking about a person who has never committed any crime before.
 Let's not talk in front of each other without permission.
 Please, excuse me.
 Mr. Sergeant,
 the late Muhtar is not staying in Istanbul.
 He said he was here to find a job for a week,
 but no job application has been identified.
 Also, he is likely to return to his country.
 Since our country is within the borders of Gaziantep,
 how can he go there?
 I would like to ask you, with your permission.
 He lied.
 He said that the vehicle was stolen and he didn't leave the hotel.
 However, he said that he had already made a proper move on the PTS record
 and that he left the hotel before the time was enough for him to return to the hotel.
 He was in pain.
 He didn't realize that he was being stolen and that he had never looked at the car.
 Then he went to the soup shop and drank two plates of drink.
 He was in pain.
 Mr. Judge, I just sent a copy of your pencil.
 It is fixed with the images that he has been searching for.
 I would like to make a statement with your permission.
 We don't know anything, Mr. Judge.
 Because Mr. Prosecutor is persistently hiding information from us
 and putting a delay to the file and the file.
 You can be in charge of this, Ms. Lawyer.
 The DELİL armed forces have just taken over and I brought it.
 Is there anything wrong, Mr. Judge?
 No, Mr. Prosecutor.
 The method is appropriate.
 Mr. Judge, look, Maktul and Şüperin have no common link.
 My client didn't even come to Istanbul a week ago.
 They don't follow any media, they haven't mailed each other,
 they don't even have any friends.
 I wish you had shared this information with us, Ms. Lawyer.
 You should have asked for an examination.
 It's a long story now.
 Anyway, the experience may be lacking.
 Mr. Judge, there is no reason for my client to be arrested.
 We are asking for the files to be examined.
 Also, if Maktul and Şüperin came to the side, please examine the HTS records.
 Of course, I will examine them with permission.
 Of course, I will examine them with your permission.
 Then I will ask you, Mr. Prosecutor,
 why Mr. Çağdaş killed a young man he didn't know?
 As you just saw, my client is not drinking two plates of soup
 and is looking for Umraniye.
 While he is trying to lie and to deceive justice,
 which is what this lie is trying to scare me,
 I am sure that his lawyer will help him escape.
 It's up to you, Mr. Judge.
 What was that, Mr. Prosecutor?
 It's a letter from the lawyer.
 And a letter from the court.
 Where was that letter when they said they were going to escape together?
 You may leave.
 No, I think the lawyer is strong enough
 to not be able to slander the prosecutor.
 May I learn?
 I knew there was no camera in that beautiful room.
 Even your soup maker was there.
 Your client was the first to come to Istanbul.
 You have the details well-designed,
 but don't forget that the real lie always comes true.
 Your assumptions will only come true if you prove them.
 You may leave.
 You know that the next trial will be released, right?
 No, he doesn't even know the deceased person.
 Then why was he there?
 Maybe he didn't want anyone to know.
 He did something shameful.
 Maybe it was a crime.
 Maybe he was trying to cover up a murder.
 What do you think, Mr. Prosecutor?
 Secrets are not always shameful, Mr. Prosecutor.
 Sometimes they are to protect the one you love.
 Or you can lie and hide a secret
 so that someone else's lover doesn't hurt him.
 I don't think you've ever done that in your life.
 I haven't.
 Why?
 Aren't you human?
 Don't you ever make mistakes?
 I don't.
 These are big words.
 You're talking too much.
 Making mistakes is not destiny.
 It's an election, Mr. Prosecutor.
 If I am in the wrong election,
 you can complain to me about anything you want.
 Even the armed forces.
 God willing.
 I hope I'll see those days.
